Merchants - disconnec/ng
Merchants are required to have an ability to disconnect their PayPal accounts from the pla 8 orm. They
are also required to have an ability to reconnect, a<er disconnec=ng.
A message along the lines below should be displayed when merchant aAempts to disconnect their
account:
"Disconnec=ng your PayPal account will prevent you from offering PayPal services and products on your
website. Do you wish to con=nue?"
As partners themselves can't revoke these permissions, our engineers just ask that the partner "forgets"
the associated merchant account so that the merchant can re-onboard with a different account if they
choose to. “ForgeMng” the merchant would en=rely depend on the partner’s backend. There's no API or
PayPal interac=on required here, it's just "delete that row in your database" or whatever is required for
the merchant to be able to connect a different PayPal account.
Merchants – status
When checking merchant status, if "primary_email_confirmed" is false, a following message should be
displayed:
"AAen=on: Please confirm your email address on hAps://www.paypal.com/businessprofile/seMngs in
order to receive payments! You currently cannot receive payments."
When checking merchant status, if "payments_receivable" is false, a following message should be
displayed:
"AAen=on: You currently cannot receive payments due to restric=on on your PayPal account. Please
reach out to PayPal Customer Support or connect to hAps://www.paypal.com for more informa=on."
BN Code (PayPal Partner a:ribu/on ID)
Having the BN Code implemented is a required part of the integra=on, as not implemen=ng this properly
would result in a failed configura=on. Please find more informa=on about it at the following links: LINK 1
& LINK 2
(The BN Code is generated by your assigned onboarding specialist)
Line item details
Line item details are required to be passed with every transac=on: intent, amount, currency, descrip=on
of purchase and unique order reference. Please find an example on pages 3 and 4.
Shipping / No shipping
Shipping – The pla 8 orm is required to have a shipping address valida=on process in place.
(e.g. in an event where the buyer enters an invalid address, they are prompted with a message to correct
it)
No shipping – If the shipping address isn't required, it should be hidden on the PayPal page (please see a
code snippet below, to be implemented in the v2/checkout/orders API call.
{
intent: "CAPTURE",
purchase_units:
[
{
amount:
{
currency_code: 'USD',
value: '23',
breakdown:
{
item_total:
{
currency_code: 'USD',
value: '17'
},
tax_total:
{
currency_code: 'USD',
value: '6'
}
}
},
description: "Zavarovanje E-Zdravnik (št. police: 23509975)",
custom_id: '12346789',
items: [{
name: "Coffee beans",
unit_amount: {
currency_code: "USD",
value: '15'
},
tax: {
currency_code: "USD",
value: "5.00"
},
quantity: "1",
description: 'This is description 1 inside items object',
sku: "This is SKU",
category: "PHYSICAL_GOODS"
},
{
name: "Tea bags",
unit_amount: {
currency_code: "USD",
value: '2'
},
tax: {
currency_code: "USD",
value: "1.00"
},
quantity: "1",
description: 'This is description 2 inside items object',

sku: "This is SKU",
category: "PHYSICAL_GOODS"
}],
shipping:
{
name:
{
full_name: 'Your customers name in Here'
},
address:
{
address_line_1: '11111 N Main St',
postal_code: '85023',
admin_area_1: 'Phoenix',
admin_area_2: 'AZ',
country_code: 'US'
}
},
invoice_id:"abcd"
}
],
application_context:
{
shipping_preference: 'SET_PROVIDED_ADDRESS',
user_action: 'PAY_NOW',
}
}